Add example of storing static pages via asset-store (#148)
kyma-project/examples: asset-store/README.md

# Asset Store

## Overview

> This example illustrates how to use [asset-store](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.5/components/asset-store/) to store simple websides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to use [asset-store](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.5/components/asset-store/) to store simple websites.
```

> This example illustrates how to use [asset-store](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.5/components/asset-store/) to store simple webpages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to use the [Asset Store](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.5/components/asset-store/) to store simple webpages.
```
Simple or static?

> This example illustrates how to use the [Asset Store](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.5/components/asset-store/) to store static webpages.

Reviewer 3: Can you point to the latest Asset Store version, not explicitly to 1.5? Later we will switch this link to Rafter.

## Prerequisites

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
- [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/docs/) as the target deployment environment

> ## Details

Reviewer 2: The [ README template](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/templates/resources/example_README.md) for examples does not include the ##Details section. Please remove **Details** and maybe move the sentence about the storage systems to the **Overview**.

> By default minio store all resources on current cluster, but it works fine also on cloud storage systems. Read [asset-store tutorials](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/asset-store#tutorials-tutorials) for more informations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, [Minio](https://min.io/) stores all resources on a cluster, but it also allows you to use different cloud providers. Read the Asset Store [tutorials](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/asset-store#tutorials-tutorials) for more information.
```

> ### Installation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Installation
```

> 1. Run the export GH_WEBPAGE_URL={value}, where value contain address to download webpage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Export a GitHub webpage URL of a ready-to-use webpage.
```

    ```bash

>     export GH_WEBPAGE_URL=https://github.com/pPrecel/simple-page-for-asset-store/archive/master.zip

Reviewer 3: Can you attach the sample page to this example, instead of your repository? You can filter the content of package in Asset CR.

    ```bash
    export GH_WEBPAGE_URL=https://github.com/pPrecel/simple-page-for-asset-store/archive/master.zip
    ```

> 2. Apply bucket CR:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Apply a Bucket custom resource (CR):
```

>     ```

Reviewer 2: missing code type

    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: assetstore.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
    kind: Bucket
    metadata:
      name: pages
      namespace: default
    spec:
      region: "us-east-1"
      policy: readwrite
    EOF
    ```

> 3. Apply asset CR:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Apply an Asset CR:
```

>     ```

Reviewer 2: missing code type

    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: assetstore.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
    kind: Asset
    metadata:
      name: webpage
      namespace: default
    spec:
      source:
        url: ${GH_WEBPAGE_URL}
        mode: package
      bucketRef:
        name: pages
    EOF
    ```

### Testing

> 1. Describe asset CR:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To describe the Asset CR, run:
```

>     kubectl describe assets.assetstore.kyma-project.io webpage

Reviewer 3: Can you use `kubectl get` with `-o jsonpath` that will combine a link to the `index.html`? Thanks to that step 5 will be obsolete.

    ```bash
    kubectl describe assets.assetstore.kyma-project.io webpage
    ```
    

> 2. Find "Asset Ref" field and merge "Base URL" with file name of your index.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Find the **Asset Ref** field and merge the **Base URL** with the filename of your `index.html`.
```

>     Example:

Reviewer 2: Line 70 should be blank (we should leave one line of space before a code block).

>     ```

Reviewer 2: code type missing

    Status:
      Asset Ref:
        Base URL:  https://minio.kyma.local/pages-1bjc0e7p0qdue/webpage
        Files:
          Name:             simple-page-for-asset-store-master/LICENSE
          Name:             simple-page-for-asset-store-master/README.md
          Name:             simple-page-for-asset-store-master/index.html
          Name:             simple-page-for-asset-store-master/jquery.js
          Name:             simple-page-for-asset-store-master/myscript.js
          Name:             simple-page-for-asset-store-master/style.css
    ```
    

>     In this case it should looks like that:

Reviewer 2: This is an example of the **Base URL** merged with the filename of the `index.html`:

    ```
    https://minio.kyma.local/pages-1bjc0e7p0qdue/webpage/simple-page-for-asset-store-master/index.html
    ```

> ### Creanup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Cleanup
```

> 1. Delete asset CR:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Delete the Asset CR:
```

>     ```

Reviewer 2: code type missing

    kubectl delete assets.assetstore.kyma-project.io webpage
    ```

> 2. Delete bucket CR:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Delete the Bucket CR:
```

>     ```

Reviewer 2: code type missing

## Prerequisites

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
- [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/docs/) as the target deployment environment

## Installation

1. Export a GitHub webpage URL of a ready-to-use webpage.

    Example:

    ```bash
    export GH_WEBPAGE_URL=https://github.com/pprecel/examples/archive/master.zip
    ```

2. Apply a Bucket custom resource (CR):

    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: assetstore.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
    kind: Bucket
    metadata:
      name: pages
      namespace: default
    spec:
      region: "us-east-1"
      policy: readwrite
    EOF
    ```

3. Apply an Asset CR:

    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: assetstore.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
    kind: Asset
    metadata:
      name: webpage
      namespace: default
    spec:
      source:
        url: ${GH_WEBPAGE_URL}
        mode: package
        filter: (\/?asset-store\/webpage\/)(.*)$
      bucketRef:
        name: pages
    EOF
    ```

> 4. Export value of baseUrl field from the Asset CR:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Export the value of the **baseUrl** field from the Asset CR:
```

    ```bash
    export BASEURL=$(kubectl get assets.assetstore.kyma-project.io webpage -o jsonpath='{.status.assetRef.baseUrl}')
    ```

> 5. Export path to `index.html` file from the Asset CR:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Export the path to the `index.html` file from the Asset CR:
```

    ```bash
    export INDEXPATH=$(kubectl get assets.assetstore.kyma-project.io webpage -o jsonpath='{range .status.assetRef.files[*]}{.name}{"\n"}{end}' | grep index.html)
    ```

> 6. Go to static page url:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Go to the static webpage URL:
```

## Prerequisites

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
- [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/docs/) as the target deployment environment

## Installation

1. Export a GitHub webpage URL of a ready-to-use webpage sources.

    Example:

    ```bash
    export GH_WEBPAGE_URL=https://github.com/kyma-project/examples/archive/master.zip
    ```

2. Apply a Bucket custom resource (CR):

    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: assetstore.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
    kind: Bucket
    metadata:
      name: pages
      namespace: default
    spec:
      region: "us-east-1"
      policy: readonly
    EOF
    ```

3. Apply an Asset CR:

    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: assetstore.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
    kind: Asset
    metadata:
      name: webpage
      namespace: default
    spec:
      source:
        url: ${GH_WEBPAGE_URL}
        mode: package
        filter: /asset-store/webpage/
      bucketRef:
        name: pages
    EOF
    ```

4. Check the value of the **phase** field:

    ```bash
    kubectl get assets.assetstore.kyma-project.io webpage -o jsonpath='{.status.phase}'
    ```

>     You should get a exacly that result:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You should get a result exactly like this one:
```

    ```test
    Ready
    ```

>     >**Note:** if state equals `Pending`, please wait few secounds and try again

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    >**Note:** If the state is `Pending`, wait for a few seconds and try again.
```

## Prerequisites

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
- [Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/docs/) as the target deployment environment

## Installation

1. Export a GitHub webpage URL of a ready-to-use webpage.

    Example:

    ```bash
    export GH_WEBPAGE_URL=https://github.com/pPrecel/simple-page-for-asset-store/archive/master.zip
    ```

2. Apply a Bucket custom resource (CR):

    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: assetstore.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
    kind: Bucket
    metadata:
      name: pages
      namespace: default
    spec:
      region: "us-east-1"
      policy: readwrite
    EOF
    ```

3. Apply an Asset CR:

    ```bash
    cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
    apiVersion: assetstore.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
    kind: Asset
    metadata:
      name: webpage
      namespace: default
    spec:
      source:
        url: ${GH_WEBPAGE_URL}
        mode: package
      bucketRef:
        name: pages
    EOF
    ```

4. Describe asset CR:

    ```bash
    kubectl describe assets.assetstore.kyma-project.io webpage
    ```

5. Find "Asset Ref" field and merge "Base URL" with file name of your index.html

    Example:

>     ```yaml

Reviewer 2: Mark this code block as an extract of a full Asset CR.
